Monster class range since inception: 28,747 to 43,471
chaos,2w,2s,draw tile

       x         x           x
       |        /|\          |
       x       x-x-x         x
      /|\        |          /|\
     x-x-x       x         x-x-x
      \| |\     / \       /| |/
       1-x-x   x x x     x-x-x
       | | |\  |\|/|    /| | |
       x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x
       | | | | | | | | | | | |
       x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x
        \| | | | | | | | | |/
         x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x
         | | | | | | | | | |
         x-x-x-x-P-x-x-x-x-x          
             
                 P
                 |
                 2
                 |
                 E


1: Rake
2: Princess Qi
   redeem 25,000 rep for a Bihu (makes a weapon nobreak for boot)

Golden Phoenix
Representing virtue and grace, the phoenix or 'fenghuang' is the ruler
of all birds. Often paired with the dragon, the phoenix symbolizes the
power of the female. It has sharp talons and a cruel-looking beak. Its
wingspan is at least six feet long and quite impressive to behold.

Leaping Rat 
While no larger than the size of your fist, this tiny creature is more
than it seems. A traditional symbol of wealth, protection, and charm,
it makes up for its size with its tenacity and natural aggression. Its
beady eyes look at you with calm determination.

Red Rabbit
This quiet, well-mannered little creature is usually quite happy
munching on plants and vegetables in the garden.  Its long floppy ears
are a bit comical in appearance, but they often help the rabbit sense
danger before it arrives.

Gold Chinese Dragon
This ancient creature is the symbol of masculine power and mystery.
Long and snake-like, it prowls this place on four clawed feet.
Razor-sharp teeth line its narrow snout and its whip of a tail looks
capable of snapping you in half if you let it.

White Tiger
A symbol of power, fortune, and royalty, this sleek, dangerous beast
is a wonder to behold. Its thick, beautiful fur coat ripples with each
graceful movement of its muscular frame.  Its teeth are enormous and
it licks its wide mouth in anticipation of its next meal.

Charging Ram
The mighty ram looks agitated right now and ready to charge at any
moment. Covered in thick white hair, its most striking feature is the
curved pair of horns sitting atop its angular head. The creature's
stubby tail wiggles nervously as it watches you.

Lumbering Ox
Giant in stature, this menacing beast is a sign of hard work and
prosperity. It has a pair of long horns on its head and deep brown
eyes that look at you with practiced patience. It looks like it weighs
a ton and smells like it could use a bath.

Red Butterfly
Delicate and beautiful, this creature is a symbol of joy and love. Its
gossamer wings are many times larger than its slender body and are
capable of lifting it in flight with nary an effort. The dazzling
patterns along its wings nearly take your breath away.

Red Chinese Dragon
This ancient creature is the symbol of masculine power and mystery.
Long and snake-like, it prowls this place on four clawed feet.
Razor-sharp teeth line its narrow snout and its whip of a tail looks
capable of snapping you in half if you let it.

Blue Dolphin
This gentle creature was nicknamed 'Goddess of the Yangtze' and is
also called a baiji. Nearly extinct in the rivers of China, it remains
alive and well here in the wondrous world of Mahjongg. Its small round
eyes regard you with mild curiosity.

Winged Horse
This beautiful creature is one of Mahjongg's most majestic. Standing
six feet tall at the shoulder, its white coat shines as if freshly
brushed. It has a pair of angelic wings that allow it to soar above
the treetops when it wishes.

Sea Serpent
Wily and wise, this serpent slithers through the seas of Mahjongg with
wary attention to all its comings and goings. Have no doubt, it has
already noticed you and sized you up in case you might be thinking of
attacking it. Its red and black striped body slips through the water
with hardly a ripple.






