magic, 7w,8s,e,charter serinth

                    E
                     \
                      x
                       \
                        x-x-x-x-x
                         \| | | |
                          x-x-x-x-1
                            | |
                            x-x
                            | |
                            x-x
                            | |
                          x-x-x-x
                          | | | |
                          x-x-x-x
                          | | | |
                        x-x-x-x-x-2
                          |
                          x
                          |
                      x   x   4
                       \  |   |
                        x-x-x-3-x-x-5-x
                          | | | |/
                          x-x-x-x
                            |\|/|
                            x-x-x
                            |/ \|
      x             x     x-x   x
      |\             \    | |   |
      x-x     x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x   R
      | |\    |/ /           \
      x-x-x-x-x-x             x-6
      | | | | |
    x-x-x-x-x-x     x
    | | | | | |      \
  x-x-x-9-x-x-x       x
 /| | | | | | |\      |
x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-7-x
 \| | | | | | | | | | | |
  x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x
    | | | | | | | | |  \|
    x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x   x-x-x-x
          | | | | | |\         \
          x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x x
              | | | | | | | | |
  x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x   8
  | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |\   \
x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x x-x-x   x
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |  /|
x-x-x-x-B-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x F x-x-x-x-x
  | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |    \|
  x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x x x-x     x
  | | | | | | | | | | | | |\    |     |
  x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x x     x
  | | | |           | | | | | | 
  x-x-x-x           x-x-x-x-x-x 
    | |  \             \| | | |
    x-x   x-x           x-x-x-x
            |            \| | |
            x-x-x-x       x-x-x
           /    | |          \|
        x-x     x-x-x-x       x-x
        | |     | | | |\        |
      x-x-A   x-x-x-x-x-x       x-x-x
     /| | |  /| | | | |/        | |/
    x-x-x-x x-x-x-x-x-x       x-x-x
    | | |   |                 |
  x-x-x-x x-x                 x
 /| | |   |/
x-x-x-x   x
    | |
    C-x
    | |
    x x


E - Entrance
1 - Desaren's ruined tower
2 - Raric
3 - Keyloncia
4 - Porih
5 - Ivory Keep
6 - Flinia
7 - Wexsmuk
8 - Waff
9 - Razorin
A - Sopem
B - Zolifo
C - Pieb
F - Fort in the Woods [Mischief]
R - A mud encrusted rake


Red-bellied sapsucker   5148
This species of bird is particularly well-adapted to living in forests.
Its feet are modified for clinging on to vertical tree trunks, with the
first and fourth toe pointing backwards and the second and third
forwards.  The feathers of its tail are short, thick-quilled, and stiff,
so that the tail as a whole serves as a prop.  Its bill is sharply
pointed, like a pick.  The bird clings upright on the trunk, listening
intently for the tiny sounds that will give away the presence of a
moving insect.  The bird flicks its tongue out revealing a barb at the
end of it.  The sapsucker goes back to drilling holes in the tree and
lapping up the sap that trickles out.  The sap, resinous or sweet
according to the kind of tree, attracts insects which the sapsucker
collects and then mixes with the sap to produce a little sweetmeat, rich
in both sugars and proteins.

Mouse deer   1143
In the forest of Eldain there is one species of mammal that finds enough
nuts, fruits and leaves to live on - the mouse deer.  This animal is
related to primitive ruminants.  It is about the size of a hare with
pencil-thin fragile-looking legs that end in sharp hooves so that the
animal appears to be running on tiptoe.  It is a nervous mammal,
freezing when alarmed and it sometimes sprints away in frantic zigzags
across the forest floor.  It uses tiny, impatient stamps of its feet to
signal other mouse deer.

A wolf   71
This small grey wolf just wanders aimlessly.

Brownleaf gnome   14158
The brownleaf gnomes are one of the most well known, and documented
faeries of the forests of Serinth.  Many years ago the brownleaf gnomes
dwindled in numbers due to a plague which almost wiped them out.  Now
they only reside in the tall tree forests of Eldain.  This gnome is
about half a foot tall but with its brown cap on it appears much taller.
Its feet are somewhat pigeon toed which gives it an extra edge on speed
and agility through the leaf littered floor.  The brownleaf gnome really
has no great enemy except the troll, which he can easily outsmart.  With
its uncanny strength, speed and sight, the brownleaf gnomes can help
care for wounded animals of the forest such as mouse deer and
sap-suckers.

Farmer    9692
This farmer comes from one of the nearby homesteads that garnish the
Eldain countryside.  Due to the arduous toil he must endure to support
his family, his overalls have become thoroughly soaked in sweat.  Below
his hat you can see a face that is deeply tanned from constant exposure
to the sun.  He is dirty and in dire need of a bath and doesn't appear
to welcome your presence.

Sedge viper    9460
This is a reasonably long and solid-looking snake about six feet long.
The colour of its body is grey-green, with rows of black spots
surrounded by yellow rings.  It is quite an aggressive snake, raising
its body and spitting when menaced.  On occasion, it plays dead in order
to distracts its enemies.  It lives in the thick grasses and fields of
Eldain to catch its prey of crop insects and small birds.  During the
cold season it hibernates, coiled up inside a cavity in the ground or
under the leaf-litter.

Torician beetle   3483
This is the primary inhabitant of the forest floor of Toric.  The
Torician Beetle typically resides in rotting logs on the ground which
are occasionally consumed by fires started by the Sunset Pygmies.  The
beetle itself is about four inches long with antler like mandibles that
are sometimes employed in combat but mainly used to dig holes in rotting
cedar.  These mandibles are as long as the body of the insect itself.
The beetle is raven-black with thin white stripes lining its back and
hind legs. It seems fairly harmless.

Ittehgobdabiliangaps (blob)    5227
Only in the bleak, stagnant swamps of Toric will you find the most
freakish creatures of all Serinth.  The Ittehgobdabiliangaps is the
archetype of bizarre.  This .. blob .. looks almost like the waters of
the swamp it inhabits making it hard to distinguish.  When it shifts
along the surface you can make out its silhouette: circular, about two
feet in diameter and an inch or two in girth.  It has a diet of just
swamp water and by no means craves your body for food however it does
think of the swamp as its domain, thus making it intensely territorial.

Swamp troll   786
This is one ugly swamp troll. His skin looks green and tough.

Lizard man   784
This is a humanoid about the size of a human.  He looks very much like a
lizard and thus his name.  He doesn't seem to like you.

Sunset Pygmy   11581
This pygmy is much smaller than your typical human; looking more like a
gnome the sunset pygmy has become a product of its environment - small,
dark and weak.  Its eyes have a downward tilt and have red irises set
against a black eye ball.  The ears of this pygmy are slightly extended
and come to sharp points at the tip.  Its skin is a dark brown and its
hair is black.  High arching eyebrows and sharply pointed cheekbones and
noses make this pygmy look very evil.  The pygmy has a tattoo on its
forearm, possibly a symbol of its clan or family.  It is wearing a dark,
short-sleeved shirt of some light fabric which drapes below its knees.
It is a weak creature, so despite its hostility towards you, it will not
attack.

Yellow tetrihopper   96
The tetrihopper is a small winged insect that feeds on the meadow
grasses of Losaic.  The hopper is about three to four inches long with
strong hind legs especially adapted for jumping.  The legs are also used
for creating chirping noises to attract other hoppers.  Along the back
is a greatly elongated dorsal shield to give it some protection against
predators.  On its head there are long antenna for sensory purposes to
give advanced warning about approaching animals.  The legs of the
tetrihopper are considered a delicacy by herders in this area.

Bogon lizard   8484
This is a smooth, shiny lizard that sun-bakes all day long.  At first
glance the lizard resembles a small snake due to its tiny limbs and
cylindrical body.  The body of the lizard is dark pink whereas the tail
is a much brighter pink, a good lure to keep any predator from attacking
its head.  On its tiny paws there are small, sharp claws but the real
danger lies in its powerful jaw which can be hard to unlock if the
lizard gets a good grip on you.

Puma   33822
This hill-lion is one of the largest pure carnivores in Serinth.  It is
about eight feet in length and looks much heavier than yourself.  You
can distinguish this cat by its tawny colour and very long tail.  Its
ears and tail are black tipped.  The puma sizes you up as a possible
next meal.

Gray Ranger (questing)   15415
It is a marvel you are in the company of one of the warriors of the
finest heritage in the realm.  Before you is a Gray Ranger, an
enigmatic, chivalrous man who is adept in the arts of pathfinding.  He
has pale skin, black hair, a set of gray eyes with a matching gray
cloak.  Beneath the cloak is graymail.  The ranger is very tall, about
seven feet and looks underfed.  He has a longsword sheathed by his side.

Black dragon   5096
This is a small black dragon.  Acid spills from his mouth as he looks at
you hungrily.

Gonlom worm (famished)   982
The Gonlom Worm is a thick, long herbivore which inhabits the Forests of
Toric.  It is about one foot in diameter and roughly fifteen feet long.
It crushes decaying plant life and dead wood, then consumes it in its
long digestive tract.  These worms do not burrow into the ground,
preferring instead to crawl along the damp forest floor.  The worm has a
bone coloured skin and a dirty brown underbelly with a small but elastic
mouth capable of ingesting large objects.  The Gonlom Worm is a slow
mover thus making it an easy target for predators, especially the Sunset
Pygmies who can make a week's food from one corpse.  Although classified
as herbivores, the Gonlom worms have on occasion been known to devour
unsuspecting animals - even unsuspecting Sunset pygmies - when famished.

Crop spider    300
The body of the Crop spider is divided into two distinct parts: a main
torso which bears six legs; and an abdomen which contains spinnerets.
The skin is hairy, some hairs functioning as sensory structures.  At the
fore of the torso is a set of black fangs which are capable of
deliviring a painful, sometimes lethal blow to their enemy.  The Crop
spider prefers the wet environment of the Collioke fields where it can
capture small insects which feed on the crops.

Electrapede   7788
This electrapede is a two feet long centipede with extraordinary
electrical powers.  It has a hard, royal blue exoskeleton that makes it
very difficult to hit any vital organs.  Black tiny legs run down each
side of the body and provide it with fast speed through the fields.
Occasionally, the electrapede's body glows then spurts forth sparks in
random directions.  Take caution fighting this monster in close
hand-to-hand combat.

Collioke Mosquito Trap    374
This carniverous plant depends on animals, not soil, for nitrogen.  It
gets its name from its most common victim - the mosquito.  The leaf
blade resembles a steel trap in its action, the two halves snapping
together and the marginal bristles interlocking like the teeth of a
trap.  There are hairs on the upper leaf surface when touched cause the
trap to shut and capture the victim.  The trap then secretes digestive
juices to consume the animal.  This trap is large - about two feet in
diameter - and has been known to eat forest goblins.  Do not study the
trap.

Griffon vulture    10054
The Griffon Vulture is a large predator bird whose presence is a sure
sign that other animals are here somewhere, for without the animals the
vulture would surely starve.  The bird has a great wingspan of some
seven feet and a deadly set of claws with which to maul his victims -
usually carcasses.  When the vulture is deprived of carcasses it must do
its own killing.  It ascends high up in the sky and examines the ground
beneath for the slightest movement that may betray the presence of a
rodent.  When it selects its prey it dives on it at great speed and hits
it with a powerful blow to the neck that instantly kills the animal.
After stripping the carcass, the vulture picks up the bones, carries
them to a considerable height and then drops them on a rock, cracking
them to expose the marrow on which it feeds.  The Griffon Vulture has a
beautiful array of golden brown feathers which are often used as
decorations with head-wear.

Surus   2746
The Surus is a giant squirrel that exists solely in the Torrin forest.
Due to the abundance of nut trees available to pick from, the Surus'
have become unusually large.  This Surus is so obese it cannot climb any
of the trees here.  Instead, it sits around and waits for ripe nuts to
drop to the ground.  The surus has a large bushy tail and a set of
needle sharp claws which have become quite redundant now that it no
longer can climb trees.

Hermit   2788
Before you is a dirty old hermit.  He is wearing travel-stained clothes
and is bare foot.  Hermits are common in the forest of Torrin as the
food here is quite plentiful, shelter can be found and usually there is
nobody around to disturb you.  The hermit was taking a nap before you
intruded and now keeps a watchful eye on you.  Beside him there is a
small, leather bag.

Howler monkey   7440
This is the Howler monkey of the Collioke Forest.  It has a powerful
characteristic roar which can be heard miles away.  The howler is very
large for a monkey, about three feet in length which does not include
the long tail.  It is a heavy monkey with a black face bearded with long
black hair.  Its lower jaw is wide and the fat neck looks swollen.  The
howler monkey lives in groups among the trees and feeds on fruit seeds,
leaves and small animals.

Forest goblin   445
This small, two feet tall goblin is part of a tribe that has chosen to
dwell in the Forest of Collioke.  It is dark skinned, has war paint on
its cheeks and white paint throughout its hair.  The goblin is wielding
a bloody axe and doesn't look too friendly.

Herder   3262
One of the few livestock herders that dwell in the countryside of
Losaic.  He is unshaven and filthy.  The man looks engrossed in deep
thought.  Perhaps it would be unwise to disturb him.

Lomite   180
This lomite is only one inch long with six legs - three on either side
of a body consisting of three segments which are the head, body and
tail.  The skin of the lomite is thin and does not retain moisture very
well.  That is why lomites are rarely seen during the day.  They prefer
to build large mounds which protect them from the sun in a damp, dark
environment.  The lomite has a small mouth that contains very sharp
teeth and an acidic saliva which can cause quite a sting.  If you are
examining a lomite it can only be assumed you have rudely disturbed its
home.

Cow  327
This is your typical cow: black and white patches mark its hide, small
horns protrude from its skull, and a straight spine which supports its
massive body.  Large udders dangle from the body which produce milk for
its young to feed on.  Maybe if you milked the cow you could receive
some milk too.

Fog rat   376
The fog rat is a loathsome rodent.  The disease ridden rat scavenges
anything that resembles food and even sizes you up.  It has a slimy coat
of dark fur and a five inch long tail.  Its yellow eyes are very good at
night and even during the day in this dim forest.  The rat nibbles on
something on the ground and you notice its small but sharp teeth.  Try
to avoid physical contact with this foul inhabitant of the Diantian
forest.

Forest walker   15057
What a strange ..  thing? .. human?  All you can see is a pair of pants
and nothing else walking around.  The forest walkers, in tales, are
angry druid spirits that roam the Diantian forest.  Its pants are green
and the invisible legs filling them seem to be solidly built.  It would
be unwise to approach the walker.

An orc   92
This orc is a small humanoid with a pig-like face.  It seems to be more
afraid of you than you are of it.  It tries to mind its own business.

Ebony werewolf   36624
This is a great beast - about seven feet long, it is covered with thick
ebony fur from head to tail.  Black irises set against red eyes give
this wolf a truly baneful aspect.  Its claws are like none you have
witnessed before: the talons are the length of your own finger and curl
at a razorsharp tip.  When the werewolf exposes its set of fangs, you
notice blood dripping from them.

Mist snail   92
The mist snail has a grey-white, spiral shell which surrounds its
fragile, slimy body.  Two pairs of tiny tentacles are fitted to breathe
air.  The snail looks absolutely harmless as it moves ever so slowly
along the dirty ground in search for dead leaves.

A kobold   92
This small humanoid creature looks very lost.  You wonder what he's
doing out in the middle of a forest.

Villager   14045
This is a villager from one of the homesteads in Diantia.  He is wearing
a pair of leather sandals, torn pants and no shirt.  You notice the man
is well built due to the laborous work he does for his family.  He has
long hair and is unshaven.  The man appears to be the friendly sort.

Villager ghost   25917
This is the ghost of a deceased villager.  The phantasm's silhouette is
hard to distinguish considering the environment of fogs and mists which
prevail in the Diantian plains.  The ghost does have a face - a set of
pitch black eyes.  The ghost doesn't appear amicable.  Maybe you are
treading over a sacred burial ground.




Mouse Deer Claws
These claws are from a poor, innocent mouse deer in the forest of
Eldain.  When you look closely at them you notice just how sharp they
are.  The short, black, arched claws look like an effective weapon to
wield.

Sucker Sap
This syrupy fluid is the lifeblood of the trees of the forest of Eldain.
It has an orange tinge and looks like it would remedy light wounds
inflicted from combat.

A fanor tree
The fanor tree is common throughout the forest of Eldain.  It has a thin
trunk which rises about ten feet before branching out.  The branches of
the tree spread horizontally with verdant circular shaped leaves
sprouting from their tips.  The bark is a white thin papery substance
and the gray wood beneath is popular for building weapons and tools.

Brownleaf Cap
This pointy cap is as tall as the gnome that wore it.  It is light-brown
and blends in well with the surrounding forest whence the gnomes lived.
It doesn't appear to be hard-wearing yet may provide good protection
against elements of the forest.

A tear in the fabric of time
More a wavering in the air before you, this is a tear in the fabric of
time.  Seen through the tear, the landscape shifts back and forth and
changes its appearance as you view the area around you at different
points in time.  It looks as if you could enter it.

Farmer's Rake
This is a traditional farmer's rake.  It has a hand forged plow, is
about three and a half feet long and has a grey fanor handle.  It looks
like it would be a handy weapon for an adventurer without anything else
to wield.

A tuft of surus grass
Dotted around the open, treeless country where there is nearly always a
breeze is the Surus grass.  The surus grass prefers these conditions to
distribute its pollen.  Since the grass does not need to attract animal
pollinators, its flowers are not conspicuous or brightly coloured.
Instead, they are small and drab, with tiny scales instead of petals,
and grow in clusters on top of the stem which resemble the tail of the
Losaician Surus Squirrel.

Beetle Mandibles
These are the saw-like mandibles of the Torician Beetle.  They are very
small but razor sharp.  The beetle uses the mandibles primarily for
digging through wood but on occasions they are employed in combat.  The
mandibles look like an effective weapon for close hand-to-hand combat.

A black reed
The black reed is the predominant plant life of the swamps of Toric.  It
is a thin, rubbery reed which will thrive no matter how dire the
environment is in which it resides.  The reed is about two feet high but
can grow up to five feet in height.  The tip of the reed curls into a
sharp poisonous point which should be avoided completely.  Many careless
adventurers have disregarded this bleak reed and within a few seconds of
brushing against the tip have nearly perished.

Shortsword
This weapon is approximately two feet in overall length and has a
double-edged blade with a pointed tip, ideal for thrusting.  The hilt
of this weapon easily accomodates one human-sized hand and is wrapped
tightly in leather for a stronger grip.

Small shield
This shield is comprised mostly of wood with metal reinforcements
radiating out from the center of the shield, like spokes.  While only
being about two feet in diameter, it offers some protection from melee
and ranged attacks.  It is worn by sliding the off-weapon forearm
through a strap and gripping a small, metal handle attached to the
back of the shield.

A rubywood tree
The rubywood tree is common throughout the forest of Toric.  It has a
bloated trunk which measures approximately nine feet in diameter.  This
trunk serves to retain water when rainfall is infrequent.  Thick arms
protrude at the plateau of the trunk in a symmetric manner.  Each branch
is tipped off with a dark red leaf.  The dark brown bark covers an
extremely moist, ruby-red wood which has become popular among settlers
in the forest for constructing their weapons.

Sunset Scepter (burning)
This scepter is only two feet long due to the tiny height of the pygmies
who wielded it.  It is carved from rubywood and looks sturdy.  At the
tip of the scepter there is an enduring glow that lights up a small
sphere around you.  You can feel a crackling, evil energy emanating from
the weapon.

Legs of the Tetrihopper
These are the legs of the Tetrihopper of the plains of Losaic.  They are
about two inches long and feel sinewy.  Cattle herders from Losaic
consider these a delicacy so they are bound to fetch a good price at any
market.

A torrina shrub
The torrina shrub is a contrast to the dry landscape it inhabits.  The
pretty, pastel pink flowers are very attractive and are often referred
to as sweetheart rose by locals villagers.  The shrub grows to about
three feet tall.  The flowers bloom in clusters with dark green foliage
which creates a magnificent fragrance.

Bogon Tail
To escape from predators trying to catch them, Bogon lizards have tails
that break off easily.  The tail continues moving as an additional
distraction while the lizard runs away.  This tail is very bright pink
and would surely fetch a good price at the markets.

Graymail
This gray chainmail has to be one of the most uninspiring pieces of
armour you have come by.  Loosely woven rings of gray steel form a layer
of armour protecting its wearer from neck to waist.  The graymail does
not make any sound at all when shaken, making it a good piece of kit
when stealth is required.

Graycloak
The graycloak is very heavy for a cloak.  It feels like something else
is weighing the cloak down beside its own mass.  The thick, woolen cloak
looks like good protection from the elements.

Gray Longsword
The longsword is a sturdy, trusty weapon of the Gray Ranger.  It has a
dull blade of about four feet in length with a wide hilt guard and a
heavy pommel.  The blade is made from a light metal alloy which does not
have the same devastating impact of heavier longswords but allows the
ranger more freedom in movement and the ability to wield the sword with
one hand effectively.

Gonlom Hide
The Hide of the Gonlom Worm is spongy, elastic and slimy.  The
elasticity of the hide allows you to mould it into a piece of armour
suitable for anyone to wear.  The hide is fairly thick and spongy which
would provide good protection from crushing attacks.

A walnut tree
This is the deciduous, nut-bearing tree of Losaic.  It is a tall tree
with large leaves and small, greenish flowers.  The nuts of the tree are
quite edible and the tree itself is also grown as an ornamental in other
parts of Serinth.  You could probably pull a nut from the tree.

Royal Blue Exoskeleton
This carapace shines a brilliant royal blue.  It looks metallic but when
you tap it a dull sound is produced.  The once exoskeleton of an
electrapede seems suitable to wear however it may restrict your movement
somewhat.

Some moss
A lush cushion of soft, green moss.  It hugs the ground to prevent
itself from being washed away during the massive deluges of rain.  The
moss is beckoning you, it seems, to smell it.

Griffon Feather
This is one of the golden brown feathers of the Griffon Vulture of
Torrin.  The feather feels like silk in your hands and glistens when the
sun shines upon it.

Leather Bag
This is a small leather bag for carrying your personal paraphernalia in.

Goblin Axe
This is the bloody axe of a Forest Goblin.  It has a small, wooden
handle and tied to the end with sinew is a notched blade.  The axe looks
in poor condition, fit only for a measly goblin.

A lomite mound
Standing tall before you is a giant lomite mound.  This mud fortress is
constructed by labouring lomites which create miniature mud bricks by
chewing on dirt and mixing it with their own saliva.  This mound rises
about five feet from the ground and is filled with hundreds of tiny
ventilation tunnels to maintain fresh air inside and spent air to
escape.  At the base of the mound is a muddy ground where lomite workers
go to collect dirt for building.  This mound must contain thousands of
lomites.  Whatever you do, don't kick the mound.

Cow Hide
This is the raw hide of a cow slain in Losaic.  It is shaggy on one side
and on the other it is relatively smooth with a few fleshy pieces still
attached.  If you molded this scrap of skin you might come up with a
reasonably serviceable piece of armour.  Otherwise, it is a pretty
useless piece of material.

A small mushroom
A small cream coloured mushroom sits among the damp ground.  It has a
large flat umbrella shaped top and a short, thick stalk.  Mushrooms are
an excellent vitamin source but some can be very poisonous.  Being an
adventurer, not a horticulturist, you have no idea about it.  Trial and
error is the only way of knowing.

Green Pants of the Forest Walker
The pants of the forest walker are a simple green colour.  They seem to
be made from the fibres of a plant in the forest .. possibly the whip
vine.  The green pants look like they would protect you a little.

A whip vine
The whip vine is a thin, strong and fibrous plant in the forest of
Diantia.  The vines dangle from branches of other various trees and lay
strewn along the forest floor.  Hunters that frequent this area use the
vines to create ropes and clothing from their stringy wood.




Desaren's Ruined Tower:


    E-

*can't life gate, qinfo?*



City of Raric:
                        Hurinteon's Tower
           E            level 2    level 3
           |               
           x              2        1-d
           |
           x
           |            A strange tower
         4-x-5          level 1    level 2    
           |               
           x            leave/u      u/d
           |
           3            level 3    
          / \           
         x   x             x
        /     \            |
       x       x           d
      /|        \
     x x-u       x
    /             \

1: Hurinteon
2: search boards
3: relax
4: Pub of Raric
5: Healing shop

Young cleric of Lleyanna    7908
Standing in simple forest green robes with his head shaved and tucked
into his hood, this young cleric is trying to be faithful to Lleyanna by
wandering the streets of Raric and spreading the message of his deity,
the patron of Hunting.  Someday he hopes to be a faithful cleric like
Fredden.

Young cleric of Morike    7097
Standing in ornately cut white robes with his head shaved and tucked
into his hood, this young cleric is trying to be faithful to Morike by
wandering the streets of Raric and spreading the message of his deity,
the patron of Life.  Someday he hopes to be a faithful cleric like
Fredden.

Young cleric of Ziose    7902
Standing in severely cut midnight blue robes with his head shaved and
tucked into his hood, this young cleric is trying to be faithful to
Ziose by wandering the streets of Raric and spreading the message of his
deity, the patron of Darkness.  Someday he hopes to be a faithful cleric
like Fredden.

Young cleric of Jodan    7970
Standing in simple gray robes with his head shaved and tucked into his
hood, this young cleric is trying to be faithful to Jodan by wandering
the streets of Raric and spreading the message of his deity, the patron
of Neutrality.  Someday he hopes to be a faithful cleric like Fredden.

Young cleric of Solaris   7906
Standing in ornately cut sky blue robes with his head shaved and tucked
into his hood, this young cleric is trying to be faithful to Solaris by
wandering the streets of Raric and spreading the message of his deity,
the patron of Daytime.  Someday he hopes to be a faithful cleric like
Fredden.

Young cleric of Selene   7611
Standing in ornately cut light yellow robes with his head shaved and
tucked into his hood, this young cleric is trying to be faithful to
Selene by wandering the streets of Raric and spreading the message of
his deity, the patron of Lightness.  Someday he hopes to be a faithful
cleric like Fredden.

Young cleric of Nocturnis   7607
Standing in severely cut dark purple robes with his head shaved and
tucked into his hood, this young cleric is trying to be faithful to
Nocturnis by wandering the streets of Raric and spreading the message of
his deity, the patron of Nighttime.  Someday he hopes to be a faithful
cleric like Fredden.

Young mage of the Black Pearl school   7610
Standing arrogantly in his black robes, his spell book clenched firmly
in hand, this young mage is bragging heavily about his skill and the
supremacy of the Black Pearl school.  He already thinks he's going to be
the next Desaren, but he has quite a ways to go!

Young mage of the Tyrian Vines school   7907
Standing arrogantly in his green robes, his spell book clenched firmly
in hand, this young mage is bragging heavily about his skill and the
supremacy of the Tyrian Vines school.  He already thinks he's going to
be the next Desaren, but he has quite a ways to go!

Young mage of the Crimson Rose school   7831
Standing arrogantly in his crimson robes, his spell book clenched firmly
in hand, this young mage is bragging heavily about his skill and the
supremacy of the Crimson Rose school.  He already thinks he's going to
be the next Desaren, but he has quite a ways to go!

Hurinteon the Grand Master Mage (Deadly!!!)     1429974
Hurinteon is dressed in wealthy looking clothes. He is a very very
powerful mage. He has mastered the art of magic and possesses certain
magical energy within him. If you are weak, he could most likely kill
you with a single word. Although he may be powerful, he is very nice. He
knows what happens to those who cannot control their own ambitions and
powers.

Ghost of Hurinteon the Grand Master Mage (Deadly!!!)
Ghost of Hurinteon the Grand Master Mage (Deadly!!!)
Hurinteon is dressed in wealthy looking clothes. He is a very very
powerful mage. He has mastered the art of magic and possesses certain
magical energy within him. If you are weak, he could most likely kill
you with a single word. Although he may be powerful, he is very nice. He
knows what happens to those who cannot control their own ambitions and
powers.
He is dead already, so do not bother trying to kill his ghost.

You say: hi
Hurinteon smiles at you.

You say: salinsha
Hurinteon says: Salinsha is my sister. She lives somewhere in the city
                of Keyloncia. I haven't seen her much lately.

You say: desaren
Hurinteon says: Desaren was my teacher.  I believe that he was the most
                powerful mage to walk the face of Serinth.  He had
                almost everything except control.

You say: control
Hurinteon lets out a deep sigh.

Hurinteon says: I admired Desaren very much. He was powerful and
                righteous.  The greed for power and magic turned into
                greed for life.  He also wanted to live for ever.  So
                sad is the price for immortality.

You say: immortality
Hurinteon looks deep into your eyes.

Hurinteon says: Everyone wants to live forever.  Even if it means to
                die.  He was good and pure, but then he turned evil and
                greedy.  It is rare to find someone who is powerful but
                righteous.

You say: serinth
Hurinteon peers at you quizzically.

Hurinteon says: Serinth is the world we live in.  It is only a speck of
                this material plane we exist on.

You say: plane
Hurinteon says: There are several planes that exist.  We live on the
                prime material plane.  Others are negative, positive,
                elemental, astral, and ethereal.

You say: elemental
Hurinteon says: There are four elemental planes. Air, earth, fire, and
                water.  Creatures from those planes usually stay in
                their own domain, but sometimes they come to the prime
                material plane for some special reason or are summoned
                here by a mage or cleric.

You say: astral
Hurinteon says: The astral plane is the pathway to the realm of the
                gods.  Pathway to Heaven and Hell.  Ethereal plane is
                the buffer to all the other planes that exist.  Many
                creatures dwell in both these planes.

You say: negative
Hurinteon says: For example, undead creatures get their power from the
                negative material plane.  The energy from negative plane
                is associated with evil.  Where positive plane is of
                good.  The light to drive away evil or undead.

You say: positive
Hurinteon says: For example, undead creatures get their power from the
                negative material plane.  The energy from negative plane
                is associated with evil.  Where positive plane is of
                good.  The light to drive away evil or undead.

You say: ethereal
Hurinteon says: The astral plane is the pathway to the realm of the
                gods.  Pathway to Heaven and Hell.  Ethereal plane is
                the buffer to all the other planes that exist.  Many
                creatures dwell in both these planes.

You say: mage
Hurinteon says: I am a master mage. I know many, many spells. I've
                studied magic all my life.

You say: magic
Hurinteon says: Yes, all kinds of magic. Although I still can't use
                magic to heal. I guess healing is just for the gods.

You say: healing
Hurinteon says: What I don't quite understand is what kind of magic
                powers these gods have that is able to bind wounds so
                well and to give life.
Hurinteon ponders the mysteries of the Universe.
Hurinteon says: Oh well, maybe I'll never know in this life time.

You say: righteous
Hurinteon says: Very rare. I've known only a few who had so much to live
                for, yet gave it all up for others.

Hurinteon shakes his head in grief.


Hurinteon says: Keylon and Saleyic sacrificed themselves to save many
                lives and to save the soul of their dear friend,
                Desaren.

You say: keylon
Hurinteon says: Keylon and Saleyic died while fighting Desaren.  Saleyic
                must have called upon the gods to destroy Desaren. 
                Everything in a mile radius was destroyed.

Hurinteon takes a moment to think.

Hurinteon says:  The powers clashing between Desaren and Saleyic were so
                great that they turned all magic into chaos.  No one was
                able to cast a spell correctly.  Two new moons were
                created. One of good and one of evil.  The split magic
                of Desaren.  It is said that Saleyic had become a god.
                Keylon, his spirit still roams around this realm.

You say: mark
Hurinteon's cheeks turn rosy pink.
Hurinteon says: I was born with a birth mark in the symbol of the god of
                magic. Desaren said I was chosen. He did not say what I
                was chosen for.

You say: chosen
Hurinteon says: Well Desaren once told me that I possess strange and
                powerful magic.  He said I was destined to help someone
                do a very special quest.  He told me to create a special
                scroll with two languages.  I call it the scroll of
                knowledge.
Hurinteon shrugs helplessly.

You say: scroll
Hurinteon tells you: It contains lizardman and ogre language.  It can be
                     found in the room that is guarded by the Aerial
                     servant.  Just speak the word 'knowledge' there and
                     you will get one.


sknowledge
  __________________________________________________________
( )_________________________________________________________)
|                                                          |
|   English                                                |
|   -------                                                |
|      A   B   C   D   E   F   G   H   I   J   K   L   M   |
|      N   O   P   Q   R   S   T   U   V   W   X   Y   Z   |
|                                                          |
|   Lizardish                                              |
|   ---------                                              |
|      H   M   I   N   C   J   A   O   B   E   P   D   G   |
|      F   R   S   W   Y   K   Z   X   T   L   U   Q   V   |
|                                                          |
|   Ogrish                                                 |
|   ------                                                 |
|      B   H   G   A   D   P   C   O   Q   F   J   I   X   |
|      L   T   W   K   U   V   E   Y   S   M   N   Z   R   |
|__________________________________________________________|
( )_________________________________________________________)

Aerial servant   27408
This is an aerial servant.  This strange air elemental almost seems
invisible.  Although it looks as if it won't do much damage, this
creature can hurt you very badly!   It can and will attack with both its
arms for a lot of damage.


Silver key
An old fashioned silver key on a ribbon.

Night flame wand
This strange wand seems to be made of some kind of horn.  You get a
strange feeling it was made from a devil's horn, and that the wand is
saying something to you:
Wand says: <fireblast>      : Will hit everyone in room.
Wand says: <firewind> <who> : Flames one enemy.
Wand says: <fireshield>     : A fire elemental shields you from the
enemy.
Wand says: <30> : Charges left!

An ancient parchment scroll
An ancient parchment scroll rolled tight and sealed with wax.  The
likeness of a Whirling Vortex is molded into the golden wax.
break seal
An ancient parchment scroll (unrolled)
An ancient parchment scroll with flakes of golden wax upon it, the
remnants of a broken seal indicating that it has been unrolled.  You
read it and see in the middle of the text the word 'timewarp'.  You do
not know what the nature of the spell locked in the scroll is, but you
guess that it must be VERY powerful.

Ring of spell storing
This magical ring was enchanted to store magical energy until it is
needed.  The ring can store up to 100 spell points.

        <store>   [amount], or <store>   -> store max spell points.
        <restore> [amount], or <restore> -> restore all from ring.

        Spell points stored: 0


City of Keyloncia:
can enter northgate or southgate

         NG              Castle          level 2        level 3      level 4
         |
       2 x x               E       
       | | |               |
       x-x-x               x-x              u              d/u          d
         |                 |                |
       x-x-x             x-x-x              x-x
         |                 |                |
       x-x-x               u                d
      /  |  \              |                |
     x   C   x           x-x-x-x            x
     |       |             |                |
   x-x       x-x         x-x                A
     |       |             |                |
     x   C   x             E                3
      \  |  /
       x-x-x
         |
         x
         |
         x-1
         |
         x
         |
         SG


NG: Northgate
SG: Southgate
1: Pub of Keyloncia
2: Salinsha Maduric the Mirage Knight (paladin)
   Armour of Lucanus (8 hour spawn or something crazy)
A: A small altar
3: Syrena the high knight (queen)


Gate guard   8203
The gate guard is a faithful guard of Keyloncia.  He has been given
orders to attack all evil creatures on sight.  He stands proud and
guards intently.

Citizen of Keyloncia   390
He his a loyal citizen of Keyloncia.  He seems to be minding his own
business.

Salinsha Maduric the Mirage Knight (paladin)    842536
Salinsha is completely armoured with full plate armour. The silver
armour shines very brightly. She is one of the most powerful paladins to
ever live. She is righteous and honorable. Even more so than Keylon. Her
beauty and virtues are beyond mortal.

Ghost of Salinsha Maduric the Mirage Knight (paladin)
Ghost of Salinsha Maduric the Mirage Knight (paladin)
Salinsha is completely armoured with full plate armour. The silver
armour shines very brightly. She is one of the most powerful paladins to
ever live. She is righteous and honorable. Even more so than Keylon. Her
beauty and virtues are beyond mortal.
She is dead already, so do not bother trying to kill her ghost.

You say: hi
Salinsha says: Hello.
Salinsha gives you a warm smile.
Salinsha says: A pleasure to meet you, Maxim.

You say: hurinteon
Salinsha says: Hurinteon is my brother.  We were separated at birth and
               reunited when he was about 18.  He is now a powerful
               mage.

You say: mage
Salinsha says: He is unlike any other mage.  His powers were as if they
               were given to him by the gods.  As if he was destined to
               be a mage.
Salinsha shrugs helplessly.

You say: destined
Salinsha says: Yes, he was born with a strange birth mark.  Almost like
               the symbol of the god of magic.  I believe that I too was
               destined to be a paladin.

You say: paladin
Salinsha stands proudly.
Salinsha says: I uphold law and order to maintain good.  Only a few are
               worthy to be a paladin.  I shall remain honorable till
               death!

You say: keylon
Salinsha says: My lord Keylon raised me as if I was his own daughter. 
               He treated Syrena and I as an equal.  I owe everything to
               him.  His glory shall live on forever.

You say: syrena
Salinsha smiles happily.
Salinsha says: Syrena is Keylon's daughter and my best friend.

You say: mark
Salinsha says: You are gonna have to ask him about that one.

You say: honorable
Salinsha says: Death before dishonor.  Keylon has taught me what it
               means to be honorable.

You say: birth
Salinsha says: You are gonna have to ask him about that one.


Castle guard   7907
The castle guard is a faithful guard of Keyloncia.  He has been given
orders to attack all evil creatures on sight.  He stands proud and
guards intently.

Syrena the high knight (queen)   9344
Syrena is dressed in a long white gown.  She is now the queen of
Keyloncia.  She knows how to fight, how to rule, and how to be a lady.
She is very beautiful and delicately built.  She hopes to be a fair and
honest ruler just like her beloved father, Keylon.

You say: hi
Syrena says: Hello. How may I help you?

You say: hurinteon
Syrena says: Hurinteon is Salinsha's brother.  I do not know much about
             him.

You say: salinsha
Syrena smiles at you.
Syrena says: She is my best and closest friend.  She is a Paladin and
             helps me to be fair and honorable.

You say: crown
Syrena says: I would like for you to return the lost crown of Keyloncia.
             My father had it last when he went to deal with Desaren. 
             Find it and place it upon the altar north of here.

You say: desaren
Syrena says: He was a very powerful mage. I never did get to know him
             well.  He was always wrapped up in his work.

You say: keylon
Syrena looks at you with very sad eyes.
Syrena says: Keylon was my father.  He died battling evil.  The sad
             thing is, the evil being was his best and dearest friend.
Syrena burst out crying.

You say: evil
Syrena says: The man was Desaren.  At one time he was good, but the dark
             side took over.


Halberd
Consisting of a cleaver-like axe blade mounted on a solid oak staff a
full six feet in length, this weapon may be employed as a thrusting or
cutting weapon.  The axe blade is balanced at the rear with a fluke,
and surmounted by a sharp pike of quadrangle design.

Small shield
This shield is comprised mostly of wood with metal reinforcements
radiating out from the center of the shield, like spokes.  While only
being about two feet in diameter, it offers some protection from melee
and ranged attacks.  It is worn by sliding the off-weapon forearm
through a strap and gripping a small, metal handle attached to the
back of the shield.

Chainmail armour
This form of chain mail is made by sewing large, metal rings to a
cloth or leather backing.  While not as effective as ringmail,  it
offers considerable more protection than plain leather armour.   Being
much lighter than platemail and allowing more freedom of movement,
this armour is ideal for just about any adventure.

Leather armour
This is a strong, stiff suit of leather armour.  Unlike the metal
armours, this suit allows more freedom of movement and, when properly
fitted with cloth, a fairly noiseless environment for those who wish
to remain silent as they pursue their objectives.

A basic slayer (enchanted)
This is a powerful basic slayer.  Its sole purpose is to destroy basic!
Be thankful it's not a Raest slayer!  You can find out more about it by
typing 'helpslayer'.

A small altar
This is a small marble altar.  It looks as if something is supposed to
be placed on top of it.


Town of Porih:
                 Lighthouse
                   level 1
     1-x-u           u/d
    /
   x               level 2
   |                  d
   x-x
   |
   x
   |
   x
   |
   E

1: Traveler
   ll or lout            Shows the outside environment.
   push 1                Port of Devil's Isle.
   push 2                Port of Dragon Isle [Kohl]
   push 3                Port of Flinia.
   push 4                Port of Pieb.
   push 5                Port of Porih.
   push 6                Port of Waff.
   push 7                Traveler's Choice.
   *note* It costs 100 coins to fly this ship.


Gate guard   7964
The gate guard is a faithful guard of Keyloncia.  He has been given
orders to attack all evil creatures on sight.  He stands proud and
guards intently.

Light keeper   8527
This is the light keeper.  He is the one that takes care of the light
house.  Although he has a simple job, he can put up a damn good fight.
He used to be a great fighter.


Halberd
Consisting of a cleaver-like axe blade mounted on a solid oak staff a
full six feet in length, this weapon may be employed as a thrusting or
cutting weapon.  The axe blade is balanced at the rear with a fluke,
and surmounted by a sharp pike of quadrangle design.

Small shield
This shield is comprised mostly of wood with metal reinforcements
radiating out from the center of the shield, like spokes.  While only
being about two feet in diameter, it offers some protection from melee
and ranged attacks.  It is worn by sliding the off-weapon forearm
through a strap and gripping a small, metal handle attached to the
back of the shield.

Chainmail armour
This form of chain mail is made by sewing large, metal rings to a
cloth or leather backing.  While not as effective as ringmail,  it
offers considerable more protection than plain leather armour.   Being
much lighter than platemail and allowing more freedom of movement,
this armour is ideal for just about any adventure.


Town of Flinia:



          3 2
        | | |
        x-x-x
        |
        x
        |
  E-x-x-x-x
          |
          x
          |
          x
          |
          1

1: Traveler
   ll or lout            Shows the outside environment.
   push 1                Port of Devil's Isle.
   push 2                Port of Dragon Isle [Kohl]
   push 3                Port of Flinia.
   push 4                Port of Pieb.
   push 5                Port of Porih.
   push 6                Port of Waff.
   push 7                Traveler's Choice.
   *note* It costs 100 coins to fly this ship.
2: Tyler (boy)


Tyler (boy)   
Tyler is a young son of Rycon.  He looks about the age of twelve and
seems to be carefree about life in general.  He lives in the manor with
his father, Rycon.

Ghost of Tyler (boy)
Tyler is a young son of Rycon.  He looks about the age of twelve and
seems to be carefree about life in general.  He lives in the manor with
his father, Rycon.
He is dead already, so do not bother trying to kill his ghost.


City of Razorin:
                         level 3           level 4

       E
       |
       u               d
       |               |\
       x               x x
       |               |  \
       x               x   x
       |               |   |
       x-x-u           x   d
       | |             |    \
       x x-x-1         x     x
       | | |           |     |
       x-x-x-u         x     d           x
       |   |            \   /            |
   u-x-x   x       d-x-x-S-x           x-d-x
       |   |        \      |             |
       x-x-x         x     x             2
       | | |          \    |             |
       u x u           d-x-d             3
         |

1: Pub - The Swampy drinks
2: Satarus the Lizardmen King (royal)
3: Boots of water walking

Lizardman guard    26830
This is an ugly lizardman guard.  If you were a lizardman you would
still think this one is ugly.  He is in charge of keeping unwanted
visitors from entering the village.  He looks mean and nasty.

Common lizardman    7905
He is a common lizardman.  He tries to just mind his own business and
live peacefully among the villagers.

Lizardman shaman    25015
This is the lizardmen's shaman.  He dabbles a little bit in magic but no
magic he does can harm people.

Satarus the Lizardmen King (royal)   49010
This is Satarus the Lizardmen King. He looks very old yet very strong
and powerful.  It would be wise not to attack him.  I mean it, don't
attack him.  He's not meant to be killed.


Swamp boots
These green boots look and feel very slick.  It seems very thin yet very
strong.  Maybe due to is magical nature.  It is made from the hides of
black dragons.

Lizard platemail
This lizardman's platemail is greenish in color.  It is made from a
strange iron ore found in the swamps.  After it is created, it is dipped
in a magical part of the swamp for 6 months.  Then it is blessed by the
lizardman shaman to protect those who wear it from most forms of attacks
and especially poison.


City of Wexsmuk:
 
                   x
                  /
                 x
                 |
                 x
                 |
                 x   x-x
                 |   | |
           x   x-x-x-x-x           x
           |   | | | | |          /
         x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-1-x-x-x
        /  |   | | | | | |        \
       x   x   x-x-x-x-x-x         x
      /            | | |
     E             x-x-x
                     |
                     x

1: Castle

Minotaur Guard    49898
Standing before you is a large minotaur guard. He is not your typical
minotaur.  He is highly intelligent and not as savage as one might
think.  He is dressed in full armor, and is ready to do battle with any
unwanted intruders.

Minotaur Citizen   21901
This is a large minotaur citizen.  He may not be as tough as a minotaur
guard, but he can surely fight well.

Royal Minotaur Guard   78237
Standing before you is a large minotaur guard.  He is not your typical
minotaur.  He is highly intelligent and not as savage as one might
think.  He is dressed in full armor, and is ready to do battle with any
unwanted intruders.  He has been specially selected to be the royal
guard.

Umber Hulk   74470
This huge umber hulk looks completely black all around except for its
belly.  It has huge mandibles that looks like it can snap you in two
with a quick snap.  He looks a lot bigger than most umber hulks.  He is
highly dangerous and probably will eat you alive!

Mind Flayer     17723


Breast plate
This breast plate of steel was specially crafted for the race of the
Minotaurs of Wexsmuk.  It is rather large, and would most likely not fit
well on an average person.

Minotaur axe
This is a large double edged battle axe used by the Minotaurs of
Wexsmuk.  It is as deadly as it looks.


Town of Waff:

         1
         |
         x-2
         |
   x-x-x-x
        /
       x
       |
       x
       |
       E

1: Traveler
   ll or lout            Shows the outside environment.
   push 1                Port of Devil's Isle.
   push 2                Port of Dragon Isle [Kohl]
   push 3                Port of Flinia.
   push 4                Port of Pieb.
   push 5                Port of Porih.
   push 6                Port of Waff.
   push 7                Traveler's Choice.
   *note* It costs 100 coins to fly this ship.
2: Pub of Waff

A wealthy merchant   16455
A wealthy merchant eyes your fine clothing and fat purse.  He tries to
entice you into buying something, but you just know that he is a
glorified thief and this his wares are crap.  He looks tough for a
merchant.


A silver longsword
This well crafted blade is made of steel layered with silver.  Only the
wealthy usually carry this sword.


City of Zolifo:
             
             3
             |
             x
             |
             x
             |
             x-x

             2     5
              \    |
               x-x-x
               |
               x
               |
               x-E
               |
               x
               |
             4 x
             | |
           x-x x
             | |
             x-x

2: Zolifo Castle
3: Brytex the hill giant king
4: A very large Ogre (evil)

Gruntt the Ogre guard (guarding)    44740
This ogre looks extremely tough! He stands here and guards the gate into
the city of Zolifo.  He looks almost undefeatable.  He stands here and
looks as if he is waiting for you to say something.

A hill giant   15440
This hill giant stands almost 10 feet tall.  He is no ordinary hill
giant.  He has been disciplined and trained in the art of combat.  All
adventurers should think twice before attacking the inhabitants of
Zolifo.

A huge bugbear  14448
He don't look too happy.  He sort of looks like a giant goblin.

A hill giant guard    23895
This hill giant stands almost 10 feet tall.  He is no ordinary hill
giant.  He has been disciplined and trained in the art of combat.  All
adventurers should think twice before attacking the inhabitants of
Zolifo.  This giant is stronger than the other hill giants and that is
why he is a guard.

Brytex the hill giant king   75414
This is Brytex the hill giant king.  He owns this city of Zolifo and
much of the land in Collioke.  He is very powerful.  Some say he and
Durantalist once fought a long time ago and he almost killed him.  He is
very strong and very deadly, but he also possesses great treasures.

An ogre guard    18274
This ogre looks mean and tough.  He stands perfectly still as he guards
the north exit.

Sholitia Nothorin the Unseen Thief/Mage (good)    100598
Sholitia Nothorin is dressed in common clothes.  She has this innocent
look about her that almost makes you feel sorry for her.  This young
lady is tall and slender and has the face of a child.  She is skilled in
what she does and can make a deadly foe.

You say: hi
Sholitia turns around and motions for you to keep your voice down.
Sholitia says: Hi there.

You say: mage
Sholitia says: I have learned that one needs magic to get certain
               imaginable things done.
Sholitia smiles.

Sholitia says: Well, actually I don't like being called a thief.  I do
               not steal from people.

You say: steal
Sholitia says: I don't steal or backstab others.  I just use certain
               skills that thieves know to get things done.

You say: skills
Sholitia says: Well, things like moving silently and picking certain
               locks that need to be picked.
Sholitia grins.

You say: imaginable
Sholitia says: Yes, things like vanishing into thin air!
Sholitia cackles with glee.


Sopem:

center, center, sleep on altar
end up in a trap.  if you push button you WILL die
search east wall as many times as it takes to find one spike longer than the rest.
push spike, wait to fall


      4
      |
      x         x
      |         |
      x     x-x-x
      |    /
      x-x-2-L-x
          |   |
          x   3
          |
        x-x
          |
          x
          |
          x
          |
          x
          |
        x-x-1

1: stone well
   enter well (to leave zone)
2: push brick - west
   pull brick - east
L: pull lever - to open door
3: Dorthinick Autuick the Death Knight (undead)
   Gloves of Lucanus (8 hour respawn or something crazy)
4: Skeletal Warrior Lord

Small black bat   732
A disgusting little black bat hangs from the ceiling.  Its little beady
black eyes stare at you as it wraps its hideous little greasy, leathery
wings tighter around its mangy body.  It yawns and displays a rather
nasty set of fangs.

Skeletal Warrior    506637
This is a skeletal warrior. It is not your typical undead skeleton.
These seem to possess stronger force from the negative plane than normal
undead creatures.  It seems to be very powerful in nature.

Dorthinick Autuick the Death Knight (undead)    792423
Before you stands the awesome Death Knight named Dorthinick Autuick.  He
is dressed in pitch black armour that looks as ancient as the gods
themselves.  A dark helmet covers his face except for two glowing red
eyes that seem to penetrate your very soul.  He is not bothered by you
standing here before him.  It is said that only death will greet those
who dare to fight such an unholy knight of power.

Ghost of Dorthinick Autuick the Death Knight (undead)
Before you stands the awesome Death Knight named Dorthinick Autuick.  He
is dressed in pitch black armour that looks as ancient as the gods
themselves.  A dark helmet covers his face except for two glowing red
eyes that seem to penetrate your very soul.  He is not bothered by you
standing here before him.  It is said that only death will greet those
who dare to fight such an unholy knight of power.
He is dead already, so do not bother trying to kill his ghost.

Skeletal Warrior Lord
This skeletal warrior is the lord of all the other skeletal warriors.
He once was a great fighter, but then an evil being stole his soul.  He
now remains on the prime material plane to search for his stolen soul.
This is the fate of all skeletal warriors.  This one is different
because of who he once was.


Unholy Symbol of Dorthinick
This dark unholy symbol seems to radiate dark magic.  It was created by
Dorthinick so that he could use it to make people follow the ways of the
evil.  It is evil indeed.

Pitch Black Cloak
This is a pitch black cloak that seems to be made from the shadows
itself.  It seems to absorb all forms of light, yet it does not make the
room dark.  It is strangely magical.

Pitch Black Helmet
This is a pitch black helmet that seems to be made from the shadows
itself.  It seems to absorb all forms of light, yet it does not make the
room dark.  It is strangely magical.

Pitch Black Armour
This pitch black armour is a well crafted plate armour.  It looks as
ancient as time itself.  It is so dark, you could almost swear that it
is nothing but a shadow.

Pitch Black Gloves
These pitch black gloves feel soft to the touch.  They are extremely
light weight.  It looks as if it has a shadow cast on it permanently.








