chaos,4w,e,n,w,push fence

                                          x
                                          |
                                          x-u d-x
                                               \|
                                  x-3           d-x
                                  | |           
                                  x-x       x-u
                                    |        X|
                                    x-x-x-x-x x
                                    |X|X|X|X|
                  x-x-x-x       x-x x-x-x-x-x
                  | |X|X|       | | |X|X|X|X|
          x-x-x-x x x-x-x       x-x x-x-x-x-x
          |X|X|X| | |X|X|         | |X|X|X|X|
          x-x-x-x x x-x-x   x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x
          |X|X|X| | |X|X|   |X|X|X|
          x-x-x-x-x x-x-x-x x-x-d-d
          |X|X|X|X|     |X| |X|
          x-x-x-x-x     x-x x-x
           \|X|X|X|     |X| |X|
 x-x-x-1  2-x-x-x-x     x-x x-x
 |            |X|X|     |X|\|X|
 x-x-x-x      x-x-x-x   x-x-x-x
 | | | |      |     |
 d-x-x-x      x-x-x-x
 |X|X| |      |     |
 E-d-x-x      x-x-x-x

1: search reeds - A small board

3:lift bar, enter barn, reposition hay, s, beat blankets, get brush,
north, brush horse, get bag, open bag - Apple Marble


Chestnut   4124
Chestnut looks like she is the runt of the litter.  She is a gangly
chestnut colored rabbit with white speckled fur, and a nervous air
about her.  Her body is shaking and she looks at you with fear in her
eyes.

Duck   17240
This is a large duck.  It is brown and has an orange beak which looks
like it could hurt if pecked at someone. It seems to almost swagger
about on its light brown webbed feet.

Puffball   8191
Puffball is an average sized rabbit with a huge puff on the top of his
head which looks like a puffball. As you look at him, he stares back
giggling. He seems to be laughing at a joke he has heard. His eyes
give him away as being good hearted and loyal.

Hlessinen   15471
Hlessinen is a large rabbit.  His brown and white fur looks soft and
full.  He hops around with a diplomatic look and he looks like he
could be a tough fight due to his many years of experience.

Centany   8464
This is a normal sized brown rabbit with long ears which have black
tips.  His eyes twinkle with knowledge as he hops around and nibbles
on the grass.

Hainthinnang   8491
Hainthinnang is a very small brown and white rabbit. He almost seems
to quiver in his skin. He is very timid and almost jumps out of his
skin as you approach.

Duckling   4037
This is a fuzzy little duckling.  It is brown and has an orange beak,
which is sharp and looks like it could hurt if pecked into something.
It seems a little timid and afraid to enter the water.

Silfthan   8107
Silfthan is an average sized brown rabbit. He looks like he can run
faster than a hare when he feels the inclination to do so. He looks at
you with a creative look and a twinkle in his eyes.

Nyreem   15885
Nyreem is a first year rabbit who is of slightly above average size.
She is light brown with white speckled fur. Her dark eyes are soft and
understanding. She has an honest, fair quality about her and she seems
to appeal to you.

Cow   45919
This is an average looking cow chewing away at its cud.  Black and
white spots adorn its hide and it wears a cow bell, which jingles when
it moves.  It looks bored, yet very healthy as there is endless grass
for it to graze on.

Sheep   31161
This is a soft wooly sheep.  Its wool is white and its brown eyes look
at you with absolute dumbfoundedness.  All it does is wander around
the farm, eating, sleeping, and making noise.

Horse   62521
This tall white horse looks as if he needs his tangled mane and coat
brushed.  He looks gentle and has a pleading look in his eyes.  Even
though he looks a mess, he does not look hungry.  Maybe you should
brush him.



A Cowslip
This cowslip is a large flower with pink and yellow sepals
approximately two inches in length. The leaves are heart-shaped and
the flower has a hollow stem. Cowslips are a delicacy for rabbits.

A small board, for riding on.
This is a small wooden board.  It is only one piece of wood, just large enough
for one rabbit to sit on.

A Horse Brush
This is a horse brush made out of horse hair.  Fancy that!  It looks
like it would do wonders for a horse's coat and mane.

A Saddle Bag
This is a saddle bag.  It is small, worn and used.  It's probably
empty; it doesn't look like it could hold much of anything.  Opening
it might help in determining this fact.

.