chaos,4w,2e


   Entrance - e -> Chaos
            - w -> Livingroom
            - search mat
   Livingroom - e -> Entrance
              - w -> In a tube
              - n -> Cotton Jungle
              - s -> Closet
              - enter picture -> Strange Room
1: Cotton Jungle - do something -> Tank of Water
   Tank of Water - down -> Bottom of the Water Tank
   Bottom - pull plug -> Basement
   Basement - climb stairs -> Yard
            - trace symbol -> Strange Room
   Strange Room - enter hole -> Tank of Water
                - type hVe&StLE -> Vault
                - search wallpaper
   Yard - d  -> Basement
        - se -> Entrance
        - search yard
        - exa picture - keep track of which movie it is. Dune, Boonsock Saints, Rising Sun
   Closet - n -> Livingroom
          - nw -> Secret Room
          - search crack
   Secret Room - out -> Closet
               - trace footprints -> Strange Room
   In a tube - e -> Livingroom
             - w -> Tank of Water
             - spin around -> Roof
             - search tube
   Roof - climb down -> Entrance
        - search letter
   Vault - exa plate
           if fish scale then (from livingroom) go 2w,d,search fish scale
           if fish eye then (from entrance) go 3w,search fish eye

Wally   385
Wally has been practicing for years in the Waldo look alike
competitions and it looks like he's gotten pretty close, except for
the name.  He's got the signature red and white socks and the silly
grin to match.  You know, because he's grinning at you now. *grin*

Wahldo   384
They found Wahldo on the street panhandling one night, and seeing as
how he already had the stupid looking socks, they made him a Waldo
impersonator.  Go figure.

Waldoh    384
Waldoh used to be a commentator on a children's show, but after years
of being laughed at, he figured he might as well be laughed at in
Waldo's socks.

Valhdo   733
Valhdo is an old friend of Waldo's, and of course friends being
friends, a place was easily made for Vahldo.  He's not the best Waldo
impersonator out there, but he sure can fake it.

Wahldo   412
They found Wahldo on the street panhandling one night, and seeing as
how he already had the stupid looking socks, they made him a Waldo
impersonator.  Go figure.

Walt   385
They say he used to play basketball and then just plain went crazy.
But, no matter, he wears the socks, he looks the part, and so they let
him wander around.

Walldo   373
Walldo hasn't actually been hired to work here.  He just kind of
wandered in, and no one has figured it out yet.  Maybe they should
hire him, eh?

Walter   411
Walter isn't too bright.  He dropped out of school when he was
sixteen, but then he's working here, so that's gotta mean something
right?  But what....  Oh well, no matter, he wanders around and
doesn't seem to care too much about you, but why should he.  *blah*

Waldo - unkillable
Holy jehosephats!!  It's Waldo himself!  How you've dreamed of this
day!  You've found the great Waldo himself, stupid socks and all.  Now
all you gotta do is shake his hand.




Tiny slip of paper
A rather small piece of paper with some writing on it.
Perhaps you should read it.

read paper
All you can make out are some random digits: hVe&StLE




.